I posed all of this myself lol
Yes. Power is hitting the sonic adventures 2 pose on the right. My pose was custom!
This is the U.G.I Character &quot;Mulllid&quot; recreating Jane Remover's &quot;Revengeseekerz&quot; album cover! :D
These poses were done by Power! They're all JoJo main character poses. I love them!
AJ is fun to be around, he's not really around much tho :&lt;
MAHORAGHA!!!!!
This is actually Power's render and idea! I just edited it really.
Menacing...
This is kind of an inside joke but those two used to beef a ton. zopawa just chilling there tho!
I really like this to be honest. I made it myself with the environment and posing. I edited the FUCK out of that car to make it look like that!
This was made because we were playing the hell out of FNAF (clickteam era) during this time.
I forgot to give DarthRevan his damn swords! LYCNK is uh doing an interesting pose...
Where you go... I go... What you see... I see...
Watch DanDaDan!!
Self embodiment of perfection.
I was inspired by mc escher I think...
Created during ANORRL Beta.
Created by typical_rodent!
Created by gammaguy!
Can't you tell we love Jujutsu Kaisen?
if you could go anywhere, where would you go?
This is from one of the census shoots, I really like how she looks here!
This is from the track &quot; Camp Frailty doomsday incident (Full recording)&quot;. Did you know Fraility was meant to be an ARG?
This is from one of the revengeseekerz shoots. The fire is pretty :]
I think this also came from the revengeseekerz shoots, I really like how it's composed!
I think this is meant to be for the track &quot;Bite Into&quot;
American Football! The right image is an inverted photo of one of the stock photos you get on Windows 7.
There was an interview I watched with this band and it was fucking insane and hilarious.
You gotta tell me u want it!
crazy track to name as &quot;I want to fuck my computer&quot; LOL
Your actions have consequences.
What a nice day out!
POWAHHH!!!!!!!! RAAHHHH!!!!!
Created by Dosth
in another life, i would be a girl or the one you bite into